docs: update how to install global workflows (#48)
asyncapi/.github: repository-settings.md

## Add basic GitHub Actions configurations

AsyncAPI Github organization [global workflows](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/tree/master/.github/workflows) cover mostly all the needs. For example:
* Handling of stale issues and PRs. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/stale-issues-prs.yml)
* Welcome message for first-time contributors. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/welcome-first-time-contrib.yml)
* Automerge workflow. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/automerge.yml)
* Sentiment analysis workflow. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/sentiment-analysis.yml)

> * Automated bump of the npm package in its dependent project. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/if-nodejs-version-bump.yml)
> * Release workflow. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/if-nodejs-release.ymll)

Reviewer: What if we split the description of the workflow up into something like:
```suggestion
For Node.js projects we have:
* Automated bump of the npm package in its dependent project. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/if-nodejs-version-bump.yml)
* Release workflow. [file](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/blob/master/.github/workflows/if-nodejs-release.yml)
```

Since we have different workflows dependent on the language, this seems fitting 🤔

Author: I vote for removing that paragraph since it's adding debt since the first moment is just talking about a possible outdated version of this: https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/tree/master/.github/workflows. I think the name on the workflows makes it pretty clear.

Reviewer 2: tbh, I think we can remove this first part of the section entirely and just replace with simple sentence that there are default workflows for all repositories and link to workflows dir 😄 this list can easily get outdated, links broken, etc

Author: I think we mean the same here. I removed it.

> ### Installation

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need a section called installation if the previous already has `Add` word. Just keep below text as part of `Add basic GitHub Actions configurations`

Author: done

> Run **manually** the [Global workflow to rule them all](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/actions/workflows/global-workflows-support.yml) workflow as shown in the following screenshot:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add basic workflow by **manually** triggering the [Global workflow to rule them all](https://github.com/asyncapi/.github/actions/workflows/global-workflows-support.yml) workflow as shown in the following screenshot:
```
